---
title: Submission 8 - Yes Means Yes
excerpt: >-
   "" 
date: '2021-12-20'
thumb_img_path: voluntary-submissions/images/yes-means-yes-9.png
content_img_path: images/header-bg-ripples.jpg
layout: post
category: voluntary-submissions-blog
---
# #yesmeansyes

### Sexual Assault has been something which I have experienced personally multiple times, and something which many women and men I know have also dealt with. 

My personal experiences occurred mainly from the ages of 15-17, a very vulnerable age in which individuals began sexualising me. Being catcalled by men twice my age
was very confusing and confronting. There were individuals who would take advantage of me, take advantage of my vulnerability. There was the individual who wanted 
more than a conversation, the individual who thought that due to his position of authority he could get away with it, and finally, the individual I was in a 
relationship with. I don't want to focus on the acts, as honestly, the acts weren't the most harmful part for me. I believe that the most harm came from the after 
effects. Not many people talk about what happens after the assault, the shame you feel, the insecurity, the questioning of who is trustworthy and who isn't. 
For me personally, the feeling of being taken advantage of, and the question of what happens next, were the hardest part. 

Although these experiences may be negative, they have taught me some significant lessons. Some years later, I have learnt that with time, the right help, support 
and awareness, things do truly get better. 

### Education in this specific area is especially important, and hopefully with more awareness comes support for those who have experienced or are experiencing sexual assault.
