---
title: Submission 10 - Yes Means Yes
excerpt: >-
   "Being catcalled by men twice my age was very confusing and confronting" 
date: '2021-12-29'
thumb_img_path: voluntary-submissions/images/yes-means-yes-10.png
content_img_path: images/header-bg-ripples.jpg
layout: post
category: voluntary-submissions-blog
---
# #yesmeansyes

### TW: Sexual Assault, Sexual Abuse

I had been out all night for a friend's birthday and I decided I was going to walk back to my boyfriend's house. He had a few mates over so I was going to go back 
and keep drinking with them. I started walking around back streets when I noticed a car pulled over. Instantly I started to get nervous but told myself it was fine.
I started walking faster when the driver put his window down. “Want to come for a drive?” He asked but I straight away said no and kept talking. He then asked me 
again and I didn’t reply and kept walking faster. He sped forward and stopped when he was next to me again. “Show me what is under your skirt,” he said. I then 
began running towards my boyfriends house and called him while running telling him to come out the front and that I’d be 2 minutes and that a guy in a car was 
trying to get me into it. I hung up and kept running when I turned my head to see if the guy in the car was still pulled over, and he was. I kept running when I 
heard a car flying up towards me and suddenly stopped just ahead of me. He did a quick U-turn and parked on the other side and started yelling at me to get in the 
car. I shouted “No!” at him and didn’t look back and just ran to my boyfriends’ house terrified. 
 
When I got to his house I grabbed him and said “let’s just get inside quickly”. I ran in and shut the door behind him, freaking out that the driver had followed me.
All of my boyfriends’ mates were sitting around and started asking me what was wrong and why I looked so scared. Once I caught my breath I started telling them what
happened, while shaking. Once I stopped they all looked at each other and started laughing saying that I was overreacting, exaggerating the story, that he probably
just wanted my phone number and that I should have just done what he said. They even said it could have been a free Uber ride and then began making more jokes about
it for the rest of the night. 
 
### They haven’t heard the countless stories from countless friends who have all experienced more than once, some sort of sexual harassment, abuse and/or sexual assault. 

